1. Create Templates:

Go to AEM > Tools > General > Templates > eg:(ancestry).
Click the Create Button.
Select Empty Page > Next.
Provide a Template Title -(Ancestry Home Page). Click Create. Click Done.


2. Add Policy:

The page has a layout container by default, this is the root element of the page and will provide responsive capabilities to the page.
Add another layout container as a child of the root layout container.
Select and Edit the Ancestry Home Page Template.
Click the root layout container and select the Policy option.
In the Allowed Components section, check Layout Container from the General component group.
Click the right icon to the top-right corner to save it.
Click on the Drag components here area of the layout container, press the + icon and select Layout Container.
Click the new layout container and press the lock icon to unlock the layout container.
Click the new layout container and choose the Policy option.
In Allowed Components search for the ancestry group and check the checkbox to include all components from the ancestry project.
Go to the General group, and check the Content Fragment, Experience Fragment and Layout Container components.
In the Select policy dropdown select ancestry default.(on the left side)
Click right icon on top to save the policy.



3. Edit Template:

Add Image Component.
Add the Navigation component after the Image component.
Double-click the Navigation component:
Set the Navigation Path (eg:to /content/we-retail/us) ( we will change it once the site structure is ready )
Check Exclude Navigation root
Uncheck Collect all child pages
Set the Navigation Structure Depth to 1
For the Banner, add another Image Component after Navigation.
Drag-and-drop the Summit banner image called summit.jpg from the asset browser.

4. Resize Components:

Click on the image component to show its action toolbar and select the Layout option represented by a two-sided arrow icon.
Once clicked, you should see two drag handle dots left and right of the component. Drag the right dot to resize the component to 2 columns.
Click on the navigation component, select the Layout option and drag right arrow to fit 9 grid columns or exclude 3 grid columns.


5. Enable Templates:

Now that our templates are ready, we can add thumbnail images to templates and enable them.
Go to templates.
Select the created Template and click the properties icon.
Click the Upload Image button, browse in your file system and select it and apply.
Click Save & Close.
Select the Template and click Enable. In the popup dialog, click Enable.